Contact
2064728843 (Mobile)
divit.dj@hotmail.com
www.linkedin.com/in/divit-jawa
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Data Analysis
Databases
Oracle Database
Languages
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
English (Native or Bilingual)
Punjabi (Native or Bilingual)
German (Limited Working)
Certifications
Learning React.js
React.js Essential Training
React.js: Building an Interface
5G Technology Strategy: Next-
Generation Mobile Networking
Google Data Analytics Certificate
Honors-Awards
Winners: Microsoft Hack for Good
2nd Place: Impact Innovation
Hackathon 2019
Best in Show: Code Day Seattle
2017
Divit Jawa
Software Engineer @ Tesla
Seattle, Washington, United States
Summary
SDE @ Tesla
Skills: Typescript, R, SQL, Tableau, Python, Java, GO, JS, React.js,
Graph QL, Firestore, Spreadsheets
Results producing, data-oriented, fast-paced, "get-it-done" guy,
stepping into the world of Tech.
Strong blend of business acumen and technical expertise in the right
mix to achieve business objectives. Solid leadership skills with the
ability to influence and motivate toward common goals.
Experience
Tesla
1 year 8 months
Software Engineer II
February 2025 - Present (2 months)
Bellevue, Washington, United States
Software Engineer
August 2023 - Present (1 year 8 months)
Bellevue, Washington, United States
Building delivery and registration tools in the vehicle fulfillment team in the
Digital Experience org.
Navasal Inc.
AEM Developer
February 2023 - July 2023 (6 months)
Seattle, Washington, United States
Worked on AEM 6.x. Developed reusable components for AEM authors.
Developed workflows that would trigger based on specific actions. Worked on
supporting content authors by creating the components they needed.
Poggio Labs
Page 1 of 5
Software Engineer
April 2022 - November 2022 (8 months)
Seattle, Washington, United States
• Developed high-priority features for 3 customers from scratch using reusable
schema-driven React components
• Implemented entire frontend for a project to increase coverage of the
product’s search feature from 30% to 80%
• Led a project to rearchitect the product’s file-system of over 100 React
components & schema-driven components
• Fulfilled project management duties including delegation, regular check-ins, &
demos; drove completion within 2 weeks
• Front end development in React and Typescript, APIs in GraphQL, testing
using Jest framework
HeadLight
Software Engineer
September 2021 - April 2022 (8 months)
Seattle, Washington, United States
• Cross-team collaboration with senior engineers/UX team to work on 3
applications to add features requested by clients
• Replaced old client facing dashboard by using Vue.js and reduced code
complexity and size by 60%
• Reduced external libraries being used in new dashboard from 6 to 2 and
number of methods from 33 to 7
• Reduced load time for drop-downs by 70% by moving filtering from client-side
to server-side
University of Washington
3 years
Student Assistant: UW-IT
December 2018 - September 2021 (2 years 10 months)
Seattle, WA, United States
Remediate pdfs, ppts, websites, and videos to make them accessible for blind
people and to make them compliant with WCAG 2.0 regulations.
Police Cadet
October 2018 - May 2021 (2 years 8 months)
Seattle, Washington, United States
Cadet program consists of physical, mental and tactical training to handle
challenging situations that Police officers might encounter. Also assist the local
Page 2 of 5
community by participating in fundraising events such as the Polar Plunge.
Completed CPR and First Aid Course (Valid till 2021)
Impact++ School Club
Project Manager
December 2020 - May 2021 (6 months)
Seattle, Washington, United States
• Leading a team of 5 student developers to deliver an end-to-end solution, to
a not-for-profit organization, that will reach 500,000 families
• Led brainstorming sessions with clients to determine product milestones and
specifications
• Managed agile backlog, sprints, documentation, and testing along with
product lifecycle from idea to sunset
Xemelgo
Software Engineer Intern
June 2020 - September 2020 (4 months)
Seattle, Washington, United States
• Developed and designed 3 features: Sorting, searching, and displaying of
duplicate requests for an Inventory Management System
• Implemented front end and back end for all three features, with an obsession
to improve customer experience
• Front end development using React, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript; worked with
databases, code hosted on AWS
• Worked with fast-paced and high impact teams, in typical 'startup culture',
and produced good quality, scalable code following the latest and best coding
practices
Social Experiments
Software Developer: Impact++
October 2019 - June 2020 (9 months)
Seattle, Washington, United States
Worked with Microsoft in a 40-student organization at the University of
Washington that develops software solutions for non-profits.
• Worked on adding a feature to recognize faces in real time.
• Fixed a bug to reduce image size to less than 6 MB for Azure and PowerBI to
process the image
• Fixed a bug that crashes app upon installation due to permissions being
asked in a service instead of an activity
Page 3 of 5
• Team won overall best prize at Microsoft Hack for Good 2019. Worked on
deploying a tflite model trained in MS Custom Vision, to a proof of concept
Android App.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=noC9W7CKpkU&feature=emb_title
Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science & Engineering
Research Assistant
October 2018 - January 2019 (4 months)
Greater Seattle Area
Worked at Professor Jennifer Mankoff's make4all lab with a PhD student on a
chrome extension named SPRITEs (used by blind people to navigate the web)
to make it run smoother with screen readers like NVDA and JAWS.
• Added more voice functionality like speaking out the contents of a table,
number of images in a web page, number of tables in a web page, etc
• Added data logging-based features such as using a map to keep track of the
number of times a user navigates in a certain domain
• Added a feature to remind the user if SPRITEs was turned off, based on
domain name. So, a user would get a notification only once if they were on
Facebook, Twitter, etc.
• Made general improvements to the code to make it more efficient
Delhi Public School - R. K. Puram
Vice President: Digital Excellence
August 2016 - March 2017 (8 months)
New Delhi Area, India
Organized two of Delhi's biggest symposiums for two consecutive years
for budding photographers and movie makers, with over 1000 people in
attendance. Sponsored by Canon.
Education
UW Foster School of Business
Master of Science - MS, Information Systems · (June 2024 - June 2025)
University of Washington
Bachelor of Science - BS, Informatics · (2017 - June 2021)
University of Washington Information School
Bachelor of Science - BS, Informatics · (2017 - 2021)
Page 4 of 5
Delhi Public School - R. K. Puram
High School · (2003 - 2017)
Page 5 of 5